3. which of the statements below are true about resquester pays property of aws s3?
ANS: b
4. which statement is true about aws glacler storage(choose 2 answers)
ANS: b.c
5.which aws service we can use to run code without thinking about servers and pay only for the compute time you consume?
ANS: B: AWS LAMDA

6: what is versioning when using amazon s3 service?
ANS: B

7: which of the below are true for EC2 Reserve instances(choose multiple if more than one are true?
ANS: bcd

8: the follwing are benfits for cloud computing:
ANS: abc


9. how can you access data on Elastic Block Storage(EBS)?
ANS: A

11, you are hosting you application using Elastic beanstack service. as a developer you are responsible for
ANS: B

12. IN A MULTI-AZ rds deployment,which rds db instance service the db read/write operations?
ANS: C

13. choose the actions that can be performed on an ec2 instance?
ANS: A,C,D,E,F

14. YOR are designing a cloud application that has two components they need to communicate with each other .....scalable message queuing service?
ANS: B:SWF

15. WHICH of the follwing instance class best used for application that are processor or compute-intensive?
ANS:C:HIGH CPU INSTANCES

17. CHOOSE all the statements that are true about visibility timeout property of amazon SQS?
ANS: A.D

18.WHICH of the following aws service should be implemented in multiple availability zones for high avalilabilty solutions?choose 2 answers from the options below.
ANS: B. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
C. Amazon Elastic Load Balancing

19. WHICH of the following database type does rds support(choose multiple if more than one)?
ANS: ABC

20. which of the follwing are true for groups in IAM?(CHOOSE3)?
ANS: BCD

22. WHICH operations are supported by simple notification service(SNS)?select3
ANS: ABC

23. a cloud application recives a lot of empty ........... what can you do?
ANS: B 

24. EBS can always tolerate an avaliability zone failure?
ANS: A: No, all EBS volume is stored in a single Availability Zone

25. WHICH of the below are managed by aws elastic beanstack service
ANS: BCDE

26. is it possible to subscribe an sqs queue to an sns topic
ANS:  YES


10.for what are you charged in IAM?
Ansr : d. no additional charge

16.AWS elastic beanstalk atuomatically handles the deployment,once you upload your code
Ansr : a.true

21.which  instance type gives a discount (up to 90%) compared to on-demand instance pricing ?
Ansr :  b. spot instance

27.which of the following operations retrives the newest version of the object?
Ansr : a.get

28.an application currently accepts users to upload files to an s3 bucket
Ansr : a & c

29.you want to allow AWS Lambda to upload and read objects from specific s3 bucket
Ansr : b

 30.identity the use cases of read replica feature of RDS service ?
Ansr : a,c & d

31.every region or availability zone supports all AWS resources/services
Ansr : b.false

32. format of the SNS notifications to SQ queue is
Ansr : b. JSon

33.you are designing an application that will perform video transcoding
Ansr : a.simple workflow(SWF)

34.which of the following instance has an hourly rate with no long-term commitment?
Ansr : a. On-Demand Instance

35.can you attah single EBS volume to multiple EC2 instances  at the same time?
Ansr : b.no

36.which of the following benefits does adding multi-AZ deployment in RDS provide (choose multiple if more than one is true )?
Ansr : a.make the database fault tolerant of datacenter failure
       b. decrease latencies if app servers accessing database are

37.which of the below statements about amazon s3 website hosting are true?
Ansr : a & c

38.AWS billing metric data is stored in________ region
Ansr : c.north virginia

39. when you create an IAM user,what permisssions would that user be given as soon as it is newly created?
Ansr : c. No permissions

40.which of these services allows you to centrally manage users and credentials and control to resources ?
Ansr : b.IAM

41. which of the following is true about EC2 security group (select multiple if more than one is true )?
Ansr : b&c

42.in the basic monitoring package for EC2,Amazon cloudwatch provides the following metrics
Ansr : b & d

43.you are planning to host a static website, using amazon s3 bicket,which of the below statements are true for the given scenario
Ansr : a & e

44.can users secure the messages sent to simple notifications service(SNS) topics? select 2
Ansr : d.yes by using custom encryption mechanism

45.how the point-in-time restore works using amazon RDS ?
Ansr : d

46.your EBS volume snapshots are store in s3,and you an access them through:
Ansr : through EC2 APIs

47.which of the following benefits does adding read replices in RDs provide(
Ansr : d. read replicas will always be synch

48.you have hosted an asp.net mvc appli in AWS EC2 instance
Ansr  : c.you have

49. which of the statement about amazaon s3 services limotations are ture
Ansr : b & d