27:what command would create the "my" alias for the commit command (at the global or user, level) ?
ANS: git config --global alias.my commit
3, if you are cloning a repository that conatins sub module,they will be intialized
ANS: c only if u clone with -- recursive argumnent'

11,the pull command thus performs two operations it fetches changes from a remote branch,then merges them current branch
ANS A true

9: command a used to create a git repository in the current directory?
ANS: git init

10: a bare git repository
 ANS: has contains of .git directory insted a working tree

5--- operations allows creating another line of development?
ANS : branch

8: this commit object is addressble via a hash (sha-1 checkfrom)
ANS: true

4; THE staging area keeps track of the snopshats of the file until the staged changes are commited
ANS: true

1.git uses copy mechanisium to create branches,if we create a new branch it will copy all the codes to the new branch so it is time -c

ANS: false

2, user configuration is done if you include the - opition in the git config command

ANS: -- GLOBAL

13, what is the differnce b/w tags and branches in git?
ANS : BRANches contains full copys of the files

12, what is the opposite of git clone,instaed of downloading ur code from github,uploads your changes and code back to git hub?
ANS: GIT PUSH

7 what command do you run to view the commit history of ur repository?
ANS: git log

6,what is the name of the file used to tell git ignore certain files 
ANS: .gitignore

37: whats the git command that downloads ur repository from git hub to ur computer
ANS: git clone

31.when should you not run 'git gc'?
ANS; when you plan to push to a remote

21. a conflect during a message operation occurs if two commmits from different branches have modified tha same content and git can not autom combined when merging these branches?
ANS: true
15,git uses copy mechanisium to create branches,if we create a new branch it will copy all the codes to the new branch so it is time -c
ANS: false
29, a file in the working tree of a git repository can have different states(choose all that apply)
ANS: all the above

25 :what files can be searched in using git grep?
ANS: CURRNT W T  and remote working tree

34:assuming ur repo as a remote called production,what command whould send all local commited changes and the master brach to that remote?
ANS: GIT send master production

36, git attributes are used to 
ANS; specify some setting for perticular file or types of files in the repository

18,what is the puefes of git filter - branch
ANS:  to rewrite history by applying some operations to all commites

26.git reflog is used to 
ANS: store the history of updates of refs
17,- opration allows you to store your pertial changes and later on commitit
ANS: STASH
39,where is branch stored inside a git repository
ANS: inside  .git/refs directory
38,- is symbolic reference most often pointing to the currently checked out branch
ANS: HEAD
20 where does git looks for its subprogrames (git - commit ,git - diff)?
ANS: GIT_EXEC_PATH environment variables
16, for commiting staged changes you use the 
ANS: GIT COMMIT
19,which command will add a remote branch to the repository?
ANS: git remote add url name
22, to create  a branch you run git branch.how can you create a branch and switch to it in one command
ANS:  git checkout -b <branch_name>
14, selecting a branch in git terminology is called to - a branch
ANS : CHECKOUT
30 - is a pointer, which always points to the latest commit in the branch
ANS: head
35, git describe looks for the nearset - reacheble from the commmit?
ANS: tag
23. which of the follwing is not a valid option for credential.helper setting
ANS: DOUBT cache
33,git user configuration file is stored in
USER HOME DIR
24,whats a sharocut to staging all the changes you have 
ANS: GIT add .
40 after adding the selected files to the staging area, u can commit these files to add them temproryly to the git repository
ANS false
28 does git diff binary files?






