22.which of the follwing is shared structure of a set of similar objects
ANS: a class

27. unit of abstaraction of an object orinted program
ANS: class

3. which among the follwing is correct defination for static number function?
ANS: B:Functions made to maintain single copy of member functions for all objects

2.encapulation is best enforced by which of the follwing dicisions regarding object visibility?
ANS:B: all attributes are private and all operations are public

20.if class C inherits class B and class B inherits class A ---------
ANS; C;class c object can be upcasted to object of either class A or B

4: which of the follwing is the achived thru Data Abstraction?
ANS: A: reduce complexity

18: sally is writing some object-oriented program code for a vehicle which contains the attributes(manufacture, color,and price)to do (start,drive.and park)
this is known as -------------
ANS:A: CLASS

1. dragons, has wings like a bird and scales like a lizard. in object-oriented  verbage ,we would say this is an example of ----
Ans: multiful inheritance

5. HOW can encapsulation be achived?
ANS: a) Using Access Specifiers

17 which among the folling violates the princeple of encapsulation allmost always? 
ANS: B: GLOBAL VARIABLES

11. if you want to write multiple function in a class with  same name,then what feature will you use ?
Ansr : c.function overloading

23.which among the following is a mandatory condition for downcasting?
Ansr : c. it must be done explicitly

26. which of the below statements about object oriented programming is not true ?
ansr : b. focuses on data than funtion

29.variables defined inside a class corresponding to data present in each instance
Ansr : b. instance variable(fields,member variables)

10.occurs when a decision about which method to run can only be made at run time
Ansr ; c. running program

6.which one of the option is not ture ?
Ansr : abstract methods should be implemented in the derived class

7.which among the following is true ?
Ansr : b.static member functions can't be overloaded

15.which among the following best defines abstraction ?
Ansr : d.hiding the implementaion and showing only the features

28.a phone is made up of many components like motherboard,camera,sensors and etc. if the processor represents all the funtioning of phone,display shows the display only,and the phone is represented as a whole
Ansr : d.phone

30.A_____ is a procedure associated with a class that describes an action an object is able to perform
Ansr :b.method  

16. which one of the below is good example for compostion ?
Ansr : a.Employee and his/her address

9.choose the correct statements ?
ansr : c. first constructor called is of the object being created

21. which among the following is correct?
Ansr : d.abstract functons must be defined in all the derived classes

12. the Constuctor--------
Ansr : d. doesn't have return type

19.which of following does not have a body
Ansr : c. an abstract method

24.which of the following is a mechanisam by which object acquires the properties of another object ?
Ansr : c. inheritence

25. Object Oriented Programing (OOP) treats _______ as a critical element in the program development
Ansr : c.data

8.If a derived class object is created,which constuctor is called first?
Ansr: a.base class constructor

14. Tax calculators :
Ansr : c. polymorphisam

13.the abstract function definitions in derived classess is enforced at __________
Ansr : b.complie time

